Fix automated versioning! (#7)
olgarithms/sphinx-tutorial: docs/10-automating-versioning.md

    sphinx-multiversion docs docs/_build/html
```

In the [previous chapter](./9-versioning.md#choosing-a-default-version), we saw how we need to

> choose a default version to redirect to the `main` branch and we need to include it in our action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a landing `index.html` page to redirect visitors of our website to the `main` branch. We need to include this logic in our workflow.
```
